[thunder rumbling]
[Arshes grunting]
Oh, Darsh.
[Dark Schneider] Does it hurt, Arsh?
I will set you free from it.
[Arshes' breath shuddering]
[Dark Schneider grunting, efforting]
[Dark Schneider screaming]
[Yoko gasping]
[squelching]
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[ominous music playing]
[Arshes gasping]
[ghost vocalizing eerily]
[ninja] Whoa! What is that?
A malevolent spirit from long ago.
Clearly, it was a most powerful curse
imprisoning Arshes Nei.
But what's going to happen
to Dark Schneider?
He ripped the heart out of his own body
to free her from that curse.
[Gara grunting] You idiot!
Who do you think you are,
some kind of hero fighting for justice?
[dramatic music playing]
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] Darsh!
No.
[choir vocalizing]
[Arshes] Darsh!
[Arshes crying]
[Arshes] No!
So it would appear
that my vision has come true after all.
[Yoko gasping]
[Yoko] Lu…
-[Yoko groaning]
-[Sheila gasping]
[Lars exclaiming]
[Yoko] Why…
why did this have to happen?
Dark Schneider…
Lucien…
[inaudible]
[Gara's breath shuddering]
[Abigail cackling]
The cruel, cunning, and heartless one.
The one who was considered
the strongest wizard of all.
I always thought you were supposed
to be invincible, Dark Schneider.
So, this ending is quite a surprise
for everyone, even you.
You let your emotions distract you
from the bigger picture.
You took your eyes off the prize.
You fool.
Now, at last, there's nothing left
to stand in my way.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Rest in peace, Dark Schneider.
For all eternity!
[Abigail cackling]
[ominous music playing]
[man] It's so cold!
Damn you, Kall-Su.
The royal family of White Snake
is one of the four royal bloodlines!
And our power is second only
to that of the Kingdom of Judas,
but still, you cornered us!
Well, what the devil
is our army doing now?
[advisor] W-with respect, Prince Cavadale,
our troops are doing the best they can,
but it's this blizzard.
I-it's a-abnormal.
It's preventing them from putting any kind
of strategic plan into action.
A force of 100 magicians
has tried everything
to break through this freezing spell
Kall-Su has cast on us,
but so far they've had no luck.
[Cavadale grunting]
A hundred magicians working together
aren't strong enough to beat Kall-Su?
[Kall-Su] Falskoba, kiruemuo raidozarai
famfatalla fo bido.
Iced earth!
Ride the lightning! Kill them all!
Biscaya!
[dramatic music playing]
[both screaming]
[goblin] Very impressive, Lord Kall-Su!
Now we have two of the four seals we need
to resurrect the God of Destruction!
Now, Prince Cavadale,
you get to rest in peace
under a beautiful white glacier.
You're lucky compared
to the king of Iron Maiden.
That kingdom and it's people
are being laid waste
by Abigail's infinitely-reproducing
Army of Decay.
[king] It's all rotting away!
-Somebody, help us!
-[villagers screaming]
[king] We are beset
by an army of the undead!
[man screaming]
[undead groaning, snarling]
[Abigail cackling]
My Army of Decay will conquer my enemies
without me lifting a finger.
And it will continue to grow
as new corpses join its ranks!
[undead snarling]
No. Wait!
[king screaming]
[squelching]
[Abigail cackling]
Excellent!
Now bring their seal to me.
We're so close!
We have the seals of Judas,
White Snake, and Iron Maiden.
So, now the only one left
is in Meta-llicana.
Then, at last, we'll have the means
to resurrect the God of Destruction!
Soon you shall awaken, Anthrasax!
Our demon god,
awaken and bring hell to earth!
Forward, my Army of Decay!
March on Meta-llicana!
Dark Schneider is dead and gone!
There is absolutely no one left
to stand in our way!
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail grunting]
I think I may have pulled a muscle.
[Geo] Where is Arshes Nei?
[Head Knight] She wouldn't leave his side.
She stayed with his corpse for three days,
but she finally collapsed from exhaustion.
She's asleep in her chamber now.
[Geo] I see.
I heard that White Snake
and Iron Maiden have fallen
to the powerful magic
of Kall-Su and Abigail.
It won't be long now
before they come for our kingdom as well.
[Head Knight]
Then that means it's almost time.
[Geo] Yes.
We have only this crumbling castle
and a handful of remaining troops
to defend us,
but on our shoulders lies
the fate of the world.
Lucien.
You never paid me back what you owe me.
Five-hundred yen.
I was sure you would.
[Yoko crying]
[footsteps receding]
[ominous music playing]
It's you, Dark Schneider.
Fifteen years it's been.
For 15 long years I've been looking,
searching for the successor
to the dragon warrior,
destined to save humanity
from this crisis!
The one and only dragon warrior,
possessing the power of dragons,
who alone is capable of facing-off against
absolute evil and it's infinite magic.
Who would've thought that the one
best suited to inherit that role
would be the same person who fought
the dragon warrior 15 years ago,
the king of darkness, Dark Schneider!
But now,
after all this time, it's too late.
[Lars gasping, exclaiming]
What's going on?
Dark Schneider's body is transforming!
[dramatic music playing]
[Lars] It's… it's Lucien Renlen!
[Abigail] It's almost here.
The hour when ancient magic's
greatest creation will come to life
with the awakening
of the God of Destruction, Anthrasax!
Meanwhile, I've noticed that Anthrasax
keeps changing in appearance.
He keeps getting bigger
and more formidable-looking.
Can such a monster
really be controlled by us?
We have nothing to worry about
on that front, Kall-Su.
Our demon god has enormous powers, yes,
but no more intelligence than a goblin.
So, I don't foresee us having very much
trouble controlling dear Anthrasax.
Come. Let us put the two seals in place.
[Kall-Su] "Dear Anthrasax"?
[Kall-Su scoffing]
[thunder rumbling]
[King] Sheila, the clouds over
Judas Castle grow darker every minute.
I fear they're about to break the seals
on the God of Destruction.
Anthrasax, if resurrected, will bring
about the downfall of the human race,
just as the human race of the ancient
world was destroyed
at the very peak of its power and glory
by the evil god
they'd created centuries before.
Those humans
who are alive in the world today
are the ones who avoided destruction
by trusting each other
and standing together against
the rampaging hordes of demi-humans,
monsters, and strange forces of nature.
We cannot allow them to put out the light.
Which is exactly what will happen
if we allow them, or those who serve them,
to get their hands on the seal.
Well, Sheila,
I think the time has finally come
for me to tell you the secret
behind the seal that we possess.
The… the secret?
[Gara] They're close. I can feel it.
There's a whole lot of them.
[ninja] Master Gara!
There's no reason to panic.
It's just a bunch of marching corpses.
An army of living ninjas
ought to be able to handle them.
-[ninja] But what if it's more than that?
-[Gara chuckling]
What happens, happens.
[ninja gasping]
[ninja] If only Empress Nei could help us.
[Gara] Forget it.
She just watched the man
who was her father and lover
rip his own heart out to save her.
No. She can't help us.
[footsteps approaching]
Right now, I bet she doesn't even want
to go on living.
[Arshes] I don't plan on dying just yet.
[Gara gasping]
[Gara] Nei?
The one I loved died saving my life.
Now, it's my job
to survive and keep on fighting.
At least until I get my revenge!
[ominous music playing]
[Kall-Su] So this is
the God of Destruction's
central nervous system.
[Abigail] This is only the terminal
for the brain stem.
The first seal has been released,
and Anthrasax's metabolism has already
been restored to 30% of its full level.
Now that we've captured
the second and third seals as well,
we have only to put them in place,
and Anthrasax's reflexes
and motor functions
will be restored to almost full power.
So if they restore functionality,
it must be the fourth seal
that's suppressing
that part
of the demon god's cerebral hemisphere
that controls thought and judgment.
That is exactly right!
Well done, Kall-Su.
And it just so happens
that I've already found the terminal
for that part of the cerebral hemisphere.
So now all that's left to be done
is for my Army of Decay
to seize the last seal from Meta-llicana!
Come! Let us begin
the ritual of resurrection!
[Abigail cackling]
[undead moaning, groaning]
[Gara] Piece of cake.
Just use Megadeath on them.
[Arshes] No.
My powers aren't strong enough
to cast that spell without Raijinken.
So just hit them with Helloween then.
It's the wrong moon for it.
I need a new moon to cast that spell.
If you're scared, why don't you go hide
under the bed, or something.
I ought to slug you, you know that?
Take a look.
There's a living person
standing down there among the undead.
[Gara] Man,
your eyes are better than mine, half-elf.
[Arshes] It's almost certain…
[ominous music playing]
…that's the commander
of the Army of Decay,
Lynch!
-[ninja] What?
-[ninja 2] Lynch? Lynch is here?
[Gara] Lynch.
He's as powerful as Di-amon.
He's practically immortal.
The Demon Mail he's wearing
is stronger than any sword or battle-ax.
And worse, that armor is enchanted.
It can repel any magic.
[Gara groaning]
I feel so fragile.
[Arshes sighing]
[King] The first thing you must realize
is that the seals
are not physical objects.
What's more, the seals do not all have
the same form, either.
The seals of the four royal families
all reside in different objects.
They reside?
That's correct.
Well the truth is,
the seal is not the physical object,
but the spiritual being
that resides within it.
-[thunder rumbling]
-[King] Sheila.
Listen to me carefully, child.
The fourth and final seal is hidden away
in something close to you.
Something close?
[Abigail] Be all, end all, out of sight.
Don't Make me laugh. Antisocial.
Nihilistic. Anarchy.
Schism, schism, misery loves company,
misery loves company,
misery loves company, kateno makateno!
[all gasping]
[Abigail cackling]
Now let the seals be unleashed!
-[ominous music playing]
-[Kall-Su gasping] What's this?
[Abigail] Now that these two seals
have been broken,
Anthrasax's body
will undergo a dramatic change!
[Lars exclaiming]
What the…
what the high-holy heck is going on now?
Lucien, he… he's transforming
back into Dark Schneider again!
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Heed my voice, Dark God.
[Abigail] Oh Dark God of Destruction!
[Kall-Su] Anthrasax's eyes…
[Anthrasax shrieking]
[Lars exclaiming]
[gasping] Dark Schneider!
[gasping] What is happening?
Huh? What is that bright light?
-I don't know.
-Hold up. Look up there!
[soldier] It's coming from the tomb
where they laid Dark Schneider!
[soldier 2] It's coming
from under the chapel!
What… what could it be?
[soldier 3] Better go take a look.
What the devil's going on?
That storm's coming
from the direction of Judas Castle.
It must mean the two remaining seals
have been broken.
That light!
No. It can't be.
[undead groaning]
[Gara] Zombies and skeletons.
It really is an army of the dead.
And how did they get so many of them?
Well, as long as we can take Lynch out,
my ninja army and the Great Priest's magic
ought to be able
to handle the rest of them, no sweat.
You're right. Here's hoping
the Great Priest's magic
is more powerful than Abigail's magic.
One spell and those zombies
will just be a pile of corpses again.
On the other hand, Anthrasax's awakening
has made the darkness more powerful.
And Abigail is a priest of darkness.
His control
over that army of undead is strong.
I doubt the Great Priest can help us.
[Gara groaning]
You're no fun at all.
[intense music playing]
[Gara] Come on! Let's do this!
[Yoko] I knew it. I just knew it.
I could feel it.
My gut feeling
always turns out to be right!
Lucien!
[inaudible]
[choir vocalizing intensely]
[Yoko gasping]
What is it?
What's going on?
[squelching]
[soldier] L-look! His heart!
I don't believe it!
His heart is regenerating.
It's trying to resurrect him.
[gasping]
An aura!
What an ominous aura!
An evil power from the darkness
is gathering around Dark Schneider!
[Geo] It's like the power is resonating
with the resurrection of the demon god!
Majinken!
Riot!
-[Arshes] What?
-[Gara] What the…
The Majinken didn't even put a dent
in the Demon Mail!
[Gara grunting]
[Arshes] It repelled
my lightning attacks too!
[Lynch growling]
[Lynch] Ninja Master Gara
and Nei, Empress of Thunder,
even you are not strong enough
to defeat me!
All traitors must die!
Raging Destruction Strike!
[Arshes grunting]
[both yelling]
[Gara groaning]
[gasping] Gara!
[chuckling] Couldn't let them
crack your head open, could I?
A good woman is hard to find these days.
[Arshes] Gara.
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] Incredible.
You know Raging Destruction Strike?
Demon Mail is one thing,
but I never would have believed
you'd grown so strong.
[Lynch] Would you like to know how?
The demon god's reawakening
is amplifying the power of darkness.
So, those who were born in darkness
will have their own powers increased
as well!
Those like me and Lord Abigail!
-[hard rock music playing]
-Those born in darkness?
[soldier gasping] Look!
[soldier 2] His…
his heart has regenerated!
[soldier] Dark Schneider!
He's going to be resurrected!
Hold on.
His heart still isn't beating yet.
But why isn't it?
[soldier] What's happening?
Why isn't he awakening?
Beware! This aura is powerful!
We must be careful not
to get too close to it.
[soldier] There must be some way
to get his heart beating again.
[Arshes grunting]
And now, you fools, die!
Hey, Lucien! Come on! Wake up!
Hurry up before it's too late!
Come on!
Gara and Nei are depending on you!
Stop sleeping on the job!
Wake up!
If you don't get up right now,
I am so gonna clobber you!
[Dark Schneider gasping] I'm sorry! Sorry!
[all gasping]
[Lynch] That… that aura.
That terrible aura…
-It's…
-[choir vocalizing intensely]
[all screaming]
[Geo] Impossible.
I thought Dark Schneider had performed
a ritual of resurrection 15 years ago
just to prepare for his own death.
I never dreamed it was to regenerate
his heart from complete death
and to resurrect his own power!
So, unless I'm imagining things,
Dark Schneider is even more powerful now
than he was 15 years ago!
-[hard rock music playing]
-Lucien…
Good morning!
[Geo] His strength must be far beyond
what any of us can imagine!
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
Oh, hey. Good morning, Yoko.
[yawning]
I think I'll skip school today.
Whoa. Wait a minute.
Lucien's the one who's going to school.
You are so…
you're just so…
you are so damn…
MOVED TO TEARS
[Yoko] Oh, what a guy.
[ending theme song playing]
[song fades]